[Maps] 7.13 doc updates (#98687)
elastic/kibana: docs/maps/search.asciidoc

[[maps-search]]
== Search geographic data

> Search across your Elasticsearch layers to focus in on just the data you want.

Reviewer: Is the term "Elasticsearch layers" the right term?

Author: How about just "layers"?

Reviewer: Or "the layers in your map"?

> Layers requesting data from {es} are narrowed when you submit a <<kibana-concepts-searching-your-data, search request>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Layers that request data from {es} are narrowed when you submit a <<kibana-concepts-searching-your-data, search request>>.
```

Layers narrowed by semi-structured search and filters contain the filter icon image:maps/images/filter_icon.png[] next to the layer name in the legend.

> Layers requesting data from {es} using an <<index-patterns, index pattern>> with a configured time field are narrowed by the <<set-time-filter, global time filter>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Layers that request data from {es} using an <<index-patterns, index pattern>> with a configured time field are narrowed by the <<set-time-filter, global time filter>>.
```

Reviewer: I don't see the icons in the image on this page.
